Speaker 1: Hi, Jay and my name is Julia Chapkin. I'm a clinical psychologist working with our study. It's so lovely to meet you in person. How are you doing today?
Speaker 2: Hi, Julia. It's really nice to meet you too. And I'm doing pretty okay today.
Speaker 1: Doing pretty okay today. I'm glad to hear that. So welcome to your first session.
Speaker 1: This is going to be the first of nine different times that we're going to meet together.
Speaker 1: And you have been assigned to one of our interventions that we do here. And the intervention that you've been assigned to is called engage and connect.
Speaker 1: And what I'm going to do today is we are going to start by doing something called agenda setting, which means that we're going to kind of talk through all the things that we're going to cover in our 45 minutes of meeting today. And we'll do that at the beginning of every time that we meet.
Speaker 1: And then because it's your first session, we'll spend a part of the time talking a little bit about what engage and connect is before that even begins will also spend some time talking about symptoms of depression that you're currently experiencing and kind of how things have been feeling in the past two weeks. We'll also do that at every session kind of to check in and keep a monitor on the symptoms that you're experiencing.
Speaker 1: See what's different what you're what you're kind of going through. We'll talk about sort of some of the symptoms that you've really noticed in your depression and in your mood. And then after we do that and after we kind of talk a little bit about what engage and connect is you and I are going to talk a little bit about different activities that maybe you used to do that you're not doing so much anymore that you'd like to do. And I'll explain kind of why that is when I'm explaining what engage and connect is. And then we're going to work together on something called an action plan and I'll totally explain all of that.
Speaker 1: Some of these words might just sound like mumbling to you at this point and that's okay.
Speaker 1: You don't have to know what any of them are yet, but you'll get really familiar with them over the next nine weeks.
Speaker 1: Before I kind of launch into some of that, is there anything else that you want to make sure that we add to the agenda or save time for today.
Speaker 2: No, I think everything is pretty straightforward.
Speaker 2: And yeah, I'm good with everything you said.
Speaker 1: Well, just let me know of questions come up. I definitely encourage you to ask them.
Speaker 1: Please always ask me and I'll always ask at the beginning of sessions if there's anything you'd like to add to our agenda.
Speaker 1: So to get us started, why don't we go ahead and let's dive into this, this, this measure called the patient health questionnaire or the PHQ nine. Have you ever heard of that before?
Speaker 1: No, never.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 1: So I'm not surprised to hear that most people haven't, but the PHQ nine we can kind of think about as a thermometer that helps us take a temperature on how your mood is. And so we'll do this at the beginning of every week. It's got nine different questions. I'll read them out loud to you. And I'll read you kind of all the different responses that you can have. And you just let me know which one sounds like it aligns best with what you've been experiencing.
Speaker 1: When we ask these questions just this week, we're going to be talking about the past two weeks. So today is Tuesday, kind of two weeks ago on Tuesday.
Speaker 2: Do you kind of vaguely remember two weeks ago on Tuesday ish sort of yeah, I think we're sort of talking about the period between that time and now. So everything between that time and now.
Speaker 1: Okay. And every other week when we meet will really only be talking about one week will be talking about everything you've experienced since the last time we spoke, which will hopefully be kind of about a week. But just for this week, we're going to talk about two weeks, okay.
Speaker 1: Okay, sounds great.
Speaker 1: Okay, any questions before I get started?
Speaker 1: No, I'm good for now. All right, let's go ahead then. So over the past two weeks, how often have you been bothered by having little interest or pleasure in doing things.
Speaker 1: Not at all on several days, more than half the days or nearly every day.
Speaker 2: I think I'm between more than half the days and nearly every day.
Speaker 1: When you kind of think about over the past two weeks, would you say so that's about kind of like 14 days, would you say that it's been like more days than seven or fewer days than seven.
Speaker 2: More more days, I think more days than seven.
Speaker 1: So does it feel closer to nearly every day or does it feel closer to kind of just a little bit more than half the days.
Speaker 2: Yeah, I guess nearly every day then.
Speaker 1: Has it been nearly every day about how many days in the past two weeks, would you say, been having little interest or pleasure in doing things.
Speaker 2: Well, like maybe more than 10 days.
Speaker 1: More than 10 days.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 1: And over the past two weeks, how often have you been bothered by feeling down, depressed or hopeless, not at all, several days, more than half the days or nearly every day.
Speaker 2: I would say several days.
Speaker 1: Several days. Okay.
Speaker 1: And over the past two weeks, how often have you been bothered by any of the following problems.
Speaker 1: Excuse me, how often have you been bothered by trouble having trouble falling or staying asleep or by sleeping too much.
Speaker 1: Not at all on several days, on more than half the days or nearly every day.
Speaker 2: I have trouble staying asleep because I tend to wake up a couple of times during the night.
Speaker 2: So I would say several days.
Speaker 1: Several days.
Speaker 1: So that's something that's happened to you on several days in the past two weeks.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 1: And over the last two weeks, how often have you been bothered by feeling tired or having little energy.